docs(nuget): rewrite readme (#16179)
renovatebot/renovate: lib/modules/manager/nuget/readme.md

The `nuget` configuration object is used to control settings for the NuGet package manager.

> The NuGet package manager supports a SDK-style `.csproj`/`.fsproj`/`.vbproj`/`.props`/`.targets` format, as described [here](https://natemcmaster.com/blog/2017/03/09/vs2015-to-vs2017-upgrade/).

Author: I've removed the link from the docs, but maybe we still want it? I'd prefer to link to some _official_ docs instead.

Reviewer: Let's remove

> You can use the `nuget` configuration object to control the settings for the NuGet package manager.

Reviewer 2: The `nuget` config object is also used by `nuget` datasource. We should probably remove this line and instead suggest to use package rules.

Reviewer 2: ☝️

Author: ```suggestion
Use [`packageRules`](https://docs.renovatebot.com/configuration-options/#packagerules) to control the behavior of the NuGet package manager.
```

How about something like this?

The NuGet package manager supports these SDK-style files and formats:

- `.csproj`
- `.fsproj`
- `.vbproj`
- `.props`

> - `.targets`

Author: ```suggestion
- `.targets`
- `global.json`
- `dotnet-tools.json`
```

.NET Core projects are supported by default.

For Renovate to work with .NET Framework projects, you need to update these files so they match the new SDK-style format:

- `.csproj`
- `.fsproj`
- `.vbproj`
- `.props`
- `.targets`

> The NuGet manager also supports `global.json` and `dotnet-tools.json` SDK files.

Author: Do we support `global.json` and `dotnet-tools.json` anymore?

Reviewer 2: yes we do support them

https://github.com/renovatebot/renovate/blob/dca3418bbdbf1024ac6807e591562b4042bc846d/lib/modules/manager/nuget/index.ts#L10-L15

> The NuGet manager also supports `global.json` and `dotnet-tools.json` SDK files.

Author: ```suggestion
```
